Attention! I have an important
announcement that I'm sure you'll hate.
[Evil laugh]
Your favorite fiend has returned!
Your King of Calamity,
the awesome Dr. Eggman!
I am delighted to inform you that this
planet will soon be under my power!
It is pointless to
try and resist me!
Surrender immediately, or
you'll all be destroyed.
[Animals screaming,
chicken clucking]
If Sonic was back in this world,
we would have seen him by now.
We're wasting our time.
He must've decided he liked
that other planet better.
I'm positive Sonic
followed me here.
He would never let his
archenemy get away.
I'm not sure, Doctor.
Perhaps Sonic got bored
fighting with you.
Working with him is even worse.
Let's just get this over with!
[Frustrated yell] Now here this!
This is your last warning!
Submit to my rule, or I'll
wipe out this whole world!
You hear that, Sonic?
Sonic!!!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Sipping]
Ahh! Just the way I like it!
We're really happy you
stopped by to visit us, Amy.
Chao chao!
So, have you thought about that
offer we made the other day?
Would you like to come live here?
Thanks for the invitation,
but I... can't accept.
Why?
We want you to stay here with us!
We really care about you!
Please, Cream.
I know!
I'm really glad I have
a friend like you.
But you don't have
to worry about me.
It's been lonely
without Sonic around,
but... I know... he'll come back.
DR. EGGMAN: I am back,
and better than ever!
I've come to publicize
my dastardly designs
for building the Eggman Empire!
I'm all set to spread misery
and mayhem around the globe!
You'd better quit your foot-dragging
and race to the rescue, Sonic.
Otherwise, this world will
have to face the music!
[Disco music starts playing] Yeah!
How embarrassing.
What dance is that?
I think it is called "The Jerk."
[All yelp]
What was that?
I think something hit us!
Hey, who is the wise guy
that hammered our hull?
There's something about that hammer
that looks awfully familiar.
Amy, why did you hit us?
We were not bothering you!
Don't you have any
idea what time it is?
Turn down the volume,
or I'll knock that flying
loudspeaker out of the sky!
Grr!
Just because your
boyfriend's not here,
don't take it out on me!
That is right!
You should not blame Dr. Eggman!
It certainly isn't my fault
he hasn't shown up yet.
I bet the reason Sonic stayed
back on that other planet
was 'cause he couldn't stand
to be with you anymore!
GRRR!
Aaaaaah!
Amy's a hothead, but
now she's hot all over!
Talk about fired up!
She'll cook our goose.
Perhaps we should say we are sorry.
She's the one who's gonna be
sorry if she messes with me!
[Chuckles] You'd better
cool off, cupcake!
We've got your hammer up
here, so you can't touch us!
Aah! Another one!
She has more hammers
than a hardware store!
Don't strike me just because
you struck out with Sonic!
[Screaming]
You creep!
Where's your boyfriend?
Don't tease her! She's
mad enough already!
That's because Sonic dumped her!
I was not dumped!
Oh, yeah? Then how come Sonic's
hiding from you on another planet?
Amy's not too happy.
She's been like that
since came back.
I know why.
She misses having Sonic
around to hang out with.
Yeah, this planet can
get pretty lonely.
I wonder why Sonic still
hasn't shown up yet?
What do you think?
Who knows? Sonic's unpredictable.
I'm sure he's on his way...
Unless he hit a time warp during
the transfer to this world.
If that happened...
He may not get here
for weeks, or months.
Even years.
Time warps are trickier
than you realize.
All kinds of crazy things can
happen if you get stuck in one.
Of course, you're just a jewel
thief, so you wouldn't know.
You don't have a clue.
[Thud] Ow!
Aah! What'd you do that for?
Hmph. 'Cause I don't
like your attitude!
[Mocking] "You're just a jewel
thief, so you wouldn't know."
Ugh! Instead of being
so nasty all the time,
maybe you could try being
nice to me once in a while!
And then maybe I wouldn't
find you so unlikable!
As it is now, you're as sour
as a truckload of lemons!
Then don't hang out with me!
I won't!
Once I'm gone, you'll be
completely miserable, mister!
Actually, it'll be a huge
relief not to have to
deal with your batty behavior.
But I'm sure you'll
come flying back.
Aah!
Ah!
Oof.
Grr. That does it!
It's been a real kick
having you around,
but you'd better behave yourself,
or I'll have to give you the boot!
I'm gonna keep pounding away
'til I've got you tenderized!
From now on, you're
gonna respect me!
ROUGE: It's time you learned some manners!
KNUCKLES: Ow! Ooof! Aah!
ROUGE: You'd better start being polite or else!
KNUCKLES: Ow! Oww!
I'm grouchy when I
don't get my sleep.
I'll teach you not to
wake me up, Eggman!
I won't rest until
I track down Sonic,
and nobody else will, either.
So if you want to
get back to sleep,
then help me find that hedgehog!
I'm never helping you!
He is challenging us.
Shall we charge up
the cannons, Doctor?
We can blast him out of the sky.
Good idea.
Aah!
DR. EGGMAN: Hold on!
We're not ready to fight you yet!
Let's lead him into a trap.
DR. EGGMAN: Follow me, Tails!
TAILS: Okay, but don't
try anything funny!
Who, me?
Get back here! I'm not
finished with you, Eggman!
[Panting]
Why don't you come
back inside, Amy?
Your tea's getting cold.
Chao chao chao!
We'll hide from him
behind these clouds.
Then we can ambush that pest!
[Gunfire]
Tails didn't even wait for
us to double-cross him!
That twerp is already
one step ahead of you.
All right, I'll just have to up
the ante by triple-crossing him!
Oh Doctor, he is
coming at us again!
Fire!
Guess he's got me.
I'd better get out of here, fast!
[Gasp]
Hey, what's going on?
CHUCK: Tails, this is Chuck.
Since you just pulled the
transformation lever,
I assume you're in
danger right now.
Don't worry... This new
shield is made of a special
material that can withstand
almost any assault.
When I heard you were leaving,
I decided to give
you a secret gift.
I made sure you were
away from the lab,
and made some modifications
to the X Tornado.
I'm not as clever
an engineer as you,
but I don't think I did too
badly for an old-timer.
Anyway, I did my best, and I
hope your gift comes in handy.
Thanks, Chuck.
CHUCK: X Tornado... Transform!
Now it's the Hyper-Tornado!
Good luck, Tails.
Eggman, look out!
What is that?
Tails transformed his plane.
It looks completely different now.
And more dangerous.
[All yelling]
TAILS: Missiles away!
Fire plasma blast!
[All screaming]
You've wasted your
time, you little pest,
because in a few moments,
your plane will be history!
[Laughing]
We have the perfect weapon
to take him down, Doctor!
I'll turn the tables on Tails!
Let's do a little fox hunting with
our brand-new interceptor missile!
Roger! All systems are go!
Begin missile launch sequence now!
It's coming quick,
but I can trick it!
If I can't outsmart that
thing, I'll outmaneuver it!
Here goes!
So long!
Ooh hoo hoo hoo!
I've finally invented
the perfect weapon!
No matter how hard you try,
you won't shake that missile
from your tail, Tails!
This missile is programmed
to only attack your plane!
[Giggle]
It adds a personal touch.
You have really outdone
yourself, Doctor.
You deserve credit
for creative cruelty.
Aww.
It's no use. I can't get away!
I think Tails has
learned his lesson.
You can go ahead and
recall the missile.
Uhh...!
But how, Doctor?
Just hit the "Recall" button!
Eh-heh...! There is
no "Recall" button.
You didn't install one?
Thanks to you, Tails really
is going to be destroyed!
With Sonic gone, I can't
afford to lose another enemy!
Sorry, Doctor.
There is nothing we can
do to save him now.
[Alarm sounds]
This is it.
Huh?
Ah!
Oh!
Hi, Eggman. What's up?
[Laughter]
Ah, you're finally here!
[Chuckling]
You won't be conquering
this world, either.
That's what you think, Super Sap!
If you dare to interfere
with my plans,
I'll squash you like a bug!
[Explosion]
Aaaaaaaah!
Boy, it's good to
have my buddy back.
BOKKUN: Aww, I can't believe it!
Sonic beat us without
even breakin' a sweat!
DECOE: Why did he
have to come back?
BOCOE: We'll never take over this
world with Sonic hanging around.
Excuse me, Doctor,
But why do you have
a smile on your face?
You should be miserable.
Sonic totally destroyed us.
It's not whether you win or lose—
it's how you plot your revenge!
We'll get even with him!
[All laugh evilly]
Ugh! Oof!
So, do ya give up yet?
Are you kidding? I'm
just warming up!
Huh?
That's him!
Well, whaddaya you know?
I guess neither of us knows very much
about how those time warps work.
[Laughing]
You look awful.
Yeah?
[Laughing]
Stop! That tickles!
Didn't I warn you to behave?
All right, all right!
[Panting]
Hi!
Well, what took you so long?
I was worried!
I wondered if you were
ever going to come back.
It scared me to think that I
was never gonna see you again.
[Gasping for air]
Day after day, I waited for you
to come, but you never did.
I didn't know where you were.
I couldn't stand not knowing.
[Crying]
I told myself I should
give up hoping.
I was convinced that you'd
forgotten all about me.
I thought you were gone forever.
[Crying]
But then I realized that
you had never abandoned me.
And I decided that I
would wait for you,
even if it took the rest of
my life to see you again.
Now you're here.
I'm so glad to finally
have you back, Sonic!
It's such a wonderful feeling!
I don't think I've ever been
as happy as I am right now!
[Sobbing]
Don't you ever leave me
again, Sonic the Hedgehog!
[Sobbing]
Don't you worry, Amy.
I never will.
[Gasp]
AMY: [Crying]
SONIC: Huh?
[Sobbing]
HELEN: Chris, it's time.
Oh, yeah!
That's right!
We're supposed to meet Danny
and Francis for lunch today.
CHRIS: Let's go!
HELEN: Woah! Easy, Chris.
They know you're always late.
Why don't you let me
drive for a change?
No way.
Chuck designed this car
especially for me, remember?
And besides, riding while you
drive is too nerve-racking.
What does that mean?
I'm a much better driver.
I've never even gotten
a parking ticket,
which is more than
I can say for you!
It's not my fault somebody turned
that one-way sign around.
So, who's gonna test out
your machine, Chris?
Why don't you send me, Chris?
I'm not afraid to be the
first one to give it a try.
It's not ready yet.
My machine's totally useless
'til I can figure out how
to cause Chaos Control.
But as soon as he does,
we'll all be able to go
to Sonic's world together.
Sounds dangerous to me.
Yeah, if Chris messes it
up, we could all be toast.
Well, you don't have
to come with me, then.
[All laugh]
Hard to believe it's
been six years already.
Mmm.
It went fast.
Yeah, almost at sonic speed.
Sonic...
You collected the Chaos Emeralds!
Now I see!
You don't need the machine
that Tails and Grandpa built.
You can cause Chaos
Control yourself.
You were able to gather
'em all in a flash
because you're so fast.
Even though I've been
tough to deal with lately,
you never gave up on me, Sonic.
Thank you.
Chris?
Huh?
Uh... Aah!
I'm gonna go really fast!
Hang on!
Stop this, Shadow.
Please, you have to listen to me.
How can you blame
people alive today
for things that
happened 50 years ago?
Can't you see it's not fair?
Don't talk to me about fair...
Not after what happened here.
People need you, Shadow.
I am Shadow—
[grunt]
Shadow the Hedgehog.
No!
[Groaning]
Aaah!
Whoa!
[Grunting]
They're mine.
I won't let you take
them from me—
[Grunt] —ever again!
[Groaning]
Hmm.
Ohh.
Sonic, take me with you.
Huh?
Ah!
Sonic, please don't leave.
You're the best friend I ever had.
I don't want you to go away.
Ah!
Huh?
Huh.
That was close.
Are you okay?
Ugh. Yeah.
Thanks a lot.
I didn't think you could talk.
Well, I can do a lot of things.
Wow, that's awesome!—
that you can talk, I mean.
[Crying]
Sonic!